become;devenir
service;service
not;ne…pas
climb;grimper,escalader
about;environ,à propos de
drag;traîner,tirer
read;lire
who;qui
together;ensemble
ahead;devant,en avance
border;frontière,bord
agenda;agenda,ordre du jour
transition;transition
distinguish;distinguer
everyday;quotidien
fuel;carburant,combustible
funding;financement
glove;gant
possibly;peut-être,éventuellement
journalist;journaliste
power;pouvoir,puissance,énergie
refuse;refuser
description;description
neighbor;voisin
trip;voyage,excursion
hip;hanche
egg;œuf
future;futur
better;mieux,meilleur
essential;essentiel
good;bon,bien
domestic;domestique
trace;trace,tracer
furthermore;de plus,en outre
new;nouveau,neuf
warning;avertissement,mise en garde
tradition;tradition
stir;remuer,agiter
total;total
learning;apprentissage
stop;arrêter
pose;poser
significant;significatif,important
yell;crier,hurler
section;section,partie
north;nord
information;information
might;pourrait,puissance
rarely;rarement
settlement;règlement,colonie
cheek;joue
effort;effort
telescope;télescope
emission;émission
useful;utile
hi;salut
building;bâtiment
die;mourir
commit;commettre,s’engager
concerned;concerné,inquiet
board;tableau,conseil
package;paquet,colis
across;à travers,de l’autre côté
by;par,près de
data;données
award;prix,récompense
tree;arbre
brother;frère
plastic;plastique
dig;creuser
controversy;controverse
shelf;étagère
reduction;réduction
dad;papa
analyze;analyser
contain;contenir
cloud;nuage
shooting;fusillade,tir
quarter;quart,trimestre
general;général
go;aller
corn;maïs
personality;personnalité
aggressive;agressif
flame;flamme
presentation;présentation
championship;championnat
awful;horrible,affreux
enemy;ennemi
brush;brosse,brosser
somewhat;quelque peu
variation;variation
construct;construire
PC;ordinateur,PC
forget;oublier
careful;prudent,attentionné
poetry;poésie
thinking;pensée
model;modèle
briefly;brièvement
pretend;faire semblant
actual;réel,véritable
African-American;Afro-Américain
traffic;trafic,circulation
choose;choisir
current;actuel,courant
resistance;résistance
national;national
account;compte
importance;importance
finish;finir
bench;banc
willing;disposé,prêt
explore;explorer
application;application,candidature
wish;souhaiter,vœu
price;prix
ie;c’est-à-dire (abréviation de "id est")
eventually;finalement
pant;haleter,pantalon
imagination;imagination
secret;secret
try;essayer
tribe;tribu
psychologist;psychologue
couch;canapé
manufacturer;fabricant
belief;croyance
critic;critique
democratic;démocratique
formal;formel
such;tel
spending;dépenses
ratio;ratio,rapport
video;vidéo
perfectly;parfaitement
refer;faire référence
reflect;réfléchir,refléter
adequate;adéquat
history;histoire
DNA;ADN
air;air
protest;protestation,manifester
complex;complexe
Congress;Congrès
perceive;percevoir
locate;localiser
suspect;suspecter
sir;monsieur
weigh;peser
foundation;fondation
funny;drôle
withdraw;se retirer,retirer
ourselves;nous-mêmes
child;enfant
stand;se tenir debout,stand
seriously;sérieusement
today;aujourd’hui
breakfast;petit-déjeuner
window;fenêtre
component;composant
muscle;muscle
sing;chanter
item;article,objet
satisfy;satisfaire
direct;diriger,direct
butter;beurre
shut;fermer
age;âge
segment;segment
strengthen;renforcer
cookie;biscuit
leather;cuir
observe;observer
loss;perte
day;jour
fence;clôture
whom;qui (forme objet)
force;force
nose;nez
pie;tarte
courage;courage
criticize;critiquer
particularly;particulièrement
highly;hautement
tongue;langue
gender;genre,sexe
hunter;chasseur
operator;opérateur
Iraqi;Irakien
museum;musée
old;vieux,ancien
thing;chose
middle;milieu
minor;mineur
important;important
Ms;Mme,Mlle
priest;prêtre
massive;massif
acknowledge;reconnaître
tactic;tactique
visible;visible
dominate;dominer
program;programme
cabin;cabine
myth;mythe
pitch;terrain,lancer
anger;colère
cabinet;cabinet
charity;charité
nevertheless;néanmoins
cognitive;cognitif
narrative;récit
Chinese;Chinois
combine;combiner
selection;sélection
business;affaires,entreprise
construction;construction
blue;bleu
hate;détester,haine
due;dû,prévu
finally;finalement
block;bloc,bloquer
essentially;essentiellement
cheese;fromage
veteran;vétéran
six;six
alliance;alliance
recommendation;recommandation
Mrs;Mme
attack;attaque,attaquer
appropriate;approprié
acid;acide
ask;demander
contemporary;contemporain
demonstrate;démontrer
notice;remarquer
stupid;stupide
snow;neige
share;partager
odd;étrange
offer;offrir
running;course,en cours
mouth;bouche
grow;grandir,croître
reporter;journaliste
protection;protection
capable;capable
beauty;beauté
reasonable;raisonnable
leg;jambe
uncle;oncle
significance;importance
hold;tenir
clearly;clairement
control;contrôler
average;moyen
protein;protéine
ship;navire,expédier
PM;Premier ministre,après-midi
failure;échec
yellow;jaune
barrel;baril,tonneau
reservation;réservation
weak;faible
react;réagir
draft;brouillon,ébauche
village;village
successfully;avec succès
health;santé
like;comme,aimer
amount;montant,quantité
golden;doré
ring;anneau,sonner
stay;rester
contest;concours,contester
commercial;commercial
hand;main
ethics;éthique
line;ligne
throw;jeter
out;dehors
deeply;profondément
crack;fissure,craquer
legal;légal
reject;rejeter
admire;admirer
famous;célèbre
gain;gagner,obtenir
mayor;maire
thousand;mille
standing;debout
recovery;rétablissement
mere;simple
committee;comité
others;autres
aide;aide
blame;blâmer
obvious;évident
dog;chien
concert;concert
contract;contrat
interaction;interaction
private;privé
fire;feu,tirer
survivor;survivant
depict;dépeindre
security;sécurité
concrete;concret,béton
efficiency;efficacité
address;adresse,aborder
second;deuxième,seconde
objective;objectif
difference;différence
recent;récent
display;afficher
guard;garde,protéger
family;famille
regulation;réglementation
ease;faciliter,aisance
decision;décision
evolution;évolution
impact;impact
deputy;adjoint
fan;ventilateur,fan
invasion;invasion
recall;rappeler
so;donc
suppose;supposer
use;utiliser
respondent;répondant
attribute;attribuer
down;vers le bas,abattu
conflict;conflit
educational;éducatif
mind;esprit,déranger
do;faire
fund;fonds
completely;complètement
meanwhile;pendant ce temps
primary;primaire,principal
us;nous
corporate;d’entreprise
mostly;principalement
grave;tombe,grave
conservative;conservateur
past;passé
beneath;sous
seek;chercher
determine;déterminer
successful;réussi
framework;cadre
evolve;évoluer
affect;affecter
nor;ni
under;sous
yet;encore,pourtant
emerge;émerger
employee;employé
talent;talent
CEO;PDG
elderly;âgé
stable;stable
pursue;poursuivre
teen;adolescent
accident;accident
unique;unique
simply;simplement
white;blanc
structure;structure
while;tandis que
gallery;galerie
comfortable;confortable
introduce;introduire
lucky;chanceux
as;comme
joy;joie
terror;terreur
hospital;hôpital
according;selon
therapy;thérapie
constitute;constituer
extremely;extrêmement
biological;biologique
bad;mauvais
payment;paiement
disagree;être en désaccord
lover;amant,amoureux
pink;rose
impress;impressionner
every;chaque
golf;golf
stress;stress,souligner
steel;acier
thus;ainsi
center;centre
hero;héros
at;à
chart;graphique
orientation;orientation
wealthy;riche
demand;demande,exiger
pepper;poivre
opposite;opposé
defense;défense
pool;piscine
respond;répondre
philosophy;philosophie
chapter;chapitre
function;fonction
employ;employer
beginning;début
educate;éduquer
roughly;approximativement
screen;écran
bedroom;chambre
retain;retenir
sustain;soutenir
argument;argument,dispute
south;sud
respect;respect
whereas;tandis que
parking;parking
wooden;en bois
speak;parler
horizon;horizon
pull;tirer
constitutional;constitutionnel
credit;crédit
eliminate;éliminer
conviction;conviction
indeed;en effet
illness;maladie
sample;échantillon
document;document
bend;plier
pipe;tuyau
author;auteur
proper;approprié
breast;sein
surface;surface
favor;faveur,favoriser
opening;ouverture
demonstration;manifestation,démonstration
explode;exploser
smooth;lisse
powder;poudre
some;certains
argue;argumenter
increased;augmenté
relationship;relation
son;fils
strategy;stratégie
player;joueur
jacket;veste
lifestyle;mode de vie
kid;enfant
sweet;sucré,doux
mask;masque
dining;repas
hearing;audition
sophisticated;sophistiqué
discussion;discussion
burn;brûler
fabric;tissu
honey;miel
assistant;assistant
permission;permission
symptom;symptôme
instruction;instruction
advise;conseiller
impressive;impressionnant
intend;avoir l'intention
fish;poisson
conduct;conduire,conduite
controversial;controversé
economics;économie
actually;en fait,réellement
bit;peu,morceau
agent;agent
essay;essai,rédaction
limit;limite
personnel;personnel
utility;utilité
Israeli;Israélien
platform;plateforme
complete;complet,compléter
woman;femme
leaf;feuille
ski;ski
hotel;hôtel
allow;permettre
violence;violence
universal;universel
task;tâche
compose;composer
rope;corde
gift;cadeau
could;pourrait
relatively;relativement
